hey guys welcome to healthy easy recipes
I've cojo and I'm Kathy cuz in this
video kathy will show you how to prepare
the quinoa tabouli for those of you who
don't know what quinoa tabouli is
including myself it can be served as a
side dish can be served as a salad or it
can be spread on the bread as an
appetizer okay so why don't we just let
Kathy show you exactly what the key wats
emily is which by the way you can cook
and literally less than half hour ok
thanks Kajal not a problem we'll see you
guys next time so it's very important to
watch the quinoa in cold water before
cooking quinoa is coated with a
substance and when you put it in water
it kind of looks like soap suds it gives
a really bitter taste so you want to
wash that off well I've gone ahead and
put one cup of water to boil 2 1 cup of
quinoa we're going to get to started
I'm adding the quinoa into a pot of
boiling water put about a half of
teaspoon of salt so you can put salt to
taste the stove is on high right now get
that all in the pot and then what we're
going to do is let it stir it around for
a little bit turn the stove too low
cover and let cook for about 15 to 20
minutes stirring occasionally while the
quinoa is boiling go ahead and fill up
on the onions and it will cover the
water in a bowl about this much water to
cover the onions a pinch of salt
and let that sit there until I give away
the quinoa has cooked and is cooled to
room temperature cooling the quinoa
returning temperature would help it not
absorb so much of the vinegar Adams
began to vinegarette so we're going to
go ahead and take our olive oil lemon
juice and a bit of salt
we're going to pour this all over the
quinoa just to make sure that the whole
mixture has coded it around now we're
going to add the remainder of
ingredients the mint the onions
garlic tomatoes and parsley
okay so i'm sprinkling the feta cheese
on to Sammy looking salad you have going
here
and stir it in now for optimal taste
this can be made the night before stuck
in the fridge so all the flavors can't
sleep in there and the next day when you
have it you can either serve it cold
room temperature or you know warm it up
whatever you want like we said in the
beginning of the video this is a great
side dish this can be eaten as a salad
all on its own or smeared over sliced
bread as a light appetizer so I suggest
that you guys definitely try this
because it's healthy it's delicious it's
nutritious and it's really satisfying
for details about this recipe and more
please visit kojo workouts calm